Veronica how are you doing today how do
you have to see nice to meet you I
understand that from the form that you
filled out for the advising appointment
today that you have some questions about
transferring courses to Carolina yes I
just was thinking about taking some
classes over the summer back home and I
really didn't know how to start the
whole process or how difficult it was
going to be so I thought I'd come see
you and see you think I should or would
be able to take some some classes at a
community college ok well definitely
it's certainly an option that carline
students have and I guess my first
question is what would be your objective
and taking these courses well basically
I just want to get some requirements out
of the way over the summer and increase
my hours a little bit just so I can keep
my course load steady something along
this ok so it's good that you've started
this process early because it takes a
while to figure all these things I've
first of all we have to start out with
their a couple of rules that we might
that we have to consider that might help
you sort out where's the best place for
you to take these courses have you
earned 64 academic hours yet I think so
yeah all right I think we could look
that up on the system I pulled up on the
computer here the number of hours that
you have completed you've got 62 hours
to date and you enrolled in 15 hours a
semester so you can have seventy seven
hours at the end of your sophomore year
once you receive our earn 64 hours
courses that you transfer from community
colleges cannot be applied toward your
graduation hours then the other rule
that sometimes you have to consider it
doesn't really impact you is that if you
were rising senior for example 24 of
your last 30 hours need to be taken here
at UNC so you have to sometimes be
careful for example this summer I think
things will be fine but next summer you
be happy to be careful about how many
courses you would be taking in a
community
or if or four-year school all right when
you go to decide which of the courses
you'd like to take there's some
resources that are available online that
can help you do that one of these can be
found at the academic advising website
okay you come up to down to the listing
of where it says forms okay and as well
as some other forms it has a course
approval form this is a link to
admissions and this is a form that
you're probably going to want to fill
out and submit to admissions and they
will then return to you and they'll tell
you exactly how the courses you're
interested in will transfer to Carolina
oh good so you come down and you read
the rules and this reviews the rules
that we just talked about the 24 of the
last 30 and after 64 hours needing two
hours need to come from four-year
schools you fill out your information
you submit this to admissions and then
two days later you'll get an email from
admissions and it'll tell you how the
course is going to transfer to Carolina
what course number it's going to the pub
satisfied so sometimes that's great you
can figure out exactly how it's going to
transfer other times you might have to
come back to see me or another advisor
there is another resource online that
may be helpful with that and that's on
the admissions web page itself to go to
the UNC homepage go to admissions and
there's this transfer equivalencies what
you find here is a historical list of
classes from institutions all over the
country that have transferred previously
to UNC okay and then the final step is
as I said you could come back and see me
or another advisor and we could
translate that into exactly how it would
fit on your worksheet in terms of
fulfilling different requirements cool
one last question as you can see have to
send anything to the call
I'm going to be taking classes at you
might need to see the Dean of Students
the registrar's office in some cases
their say academic advisor on the form
you can always come to walk ins and we
could help you translate that form as
well as translate how these classes are
going to transfer you could do both of
those at the same time alright cool well
I think that's answered most of my basic
questions so thank you very much for
your time very nice media a lot eat it
and again you have any questions about
once you get that course approval form
you know where I'm looking figure out
your letters have a good day youtube